honey I'm chef Tom this is the Chinese
broccoli and I got it from the Northvale
farmers market and what I do I just
simply pair up the lead like this if
that's a small you can just peel it a
bit you just break it in my two little
pieces like this and I have a bow off
the water cold water and I soaked it
with the vegetable green and now this is
the stump is kind of hard and I use it
for stir fries are just gonna like a cut
ankle knee like this like this big okay
and we have a very nice piece of flank
steak strip I'm gonna slice the beef
diddly sliced less than quarter inch and
we're gonna stir fry the Chinese
broccoli with some oyster sauce all
right let's get started okay first I'm
gonna stir fry the beef these two might
cook and I use the frying pan 1 teaspoon
cooking vegetable oil and just stir fry
just be for like a one minute until you
see them how exactly here it is I tend
to like bomb power and we want to stir
fry this and look further side
I get a like a single skill bowl with
the colander on the top I think that's
good and you just dry your hands with a
paper towel like this and we're gonna
add cream cooking oil again I want to
have tea saloon well first we're gonna
cook the Chinese broccoli if you wash
and soak and you want to boil the
Chinese broccoli it's fine
get a nice hot at the boiling water and
just medium high heat bring the water to
the boil and just put the best we're in
and yourself but at home I like to tell
you the simple way to cook not
complicate things
you see miles of rocks and start phasing
like a dark green color that's awesome
very efficient and this tom is risky
that's like Tyler small he said his
taking longer to cook
DBT narcotics we go father stir fry for
2 minutes
after two minutes we're gonna sprinkle
some salt black pepper drizzle some
sesame oil and this is done cooking for
the fluctuation and we're gonna set it
on the side on the plate now all we're
gonna make a sauce though I Oh ginger
garlic missing
sherry cooking wine vegetable stock
we're gonna make the sauce like oyster
nice them out like this weights the
sauce in soy sauce some people like to
have a little lime juice there just a
couple drop at that all right and little
bit sugar brown sugar no MSG
and you just stir like that and let the
sauce bring it to a boil
next we're gonna add the cornstarch with
the cold water mix a little bit of time
until the sauce has thickened like this
almost there
that won't take long so I just let the
camera roll and let you see how he's
supposed to be done
all right good more I'm going to give
the sauce taste you don't want to taste
the sauce until the sauce is boiling
there we go mmm delicious put the beat
we visit the feet in the Beast still
nice and medium rare tender let the
sauce cook into the beef bill Molloy
sauce
I was ready once the sauce bring it to
the boil is served
ready to serve sesame oil stop simple
easy to make a healthier Chinese
broccoli with oyster beef good sauce ah
yummy smells so good
the beef is very tender I hope you like
the video I'm chef Tom thank you for
watching I will see you next time bye